Questions

Who was the leader of SG-1 for the first years?
General Hammond
Jack O'Neill
Sam Carter
Cameron Mitchell
Teal'c

Jack O'Neill was the leader of SG-1 until season 8, when he became a General and became the commanding officer of the SGC.


Who replaced Daniel Jackson in season 6?
Gerak
Jacob Carter
Hank Landry
Jonas Quinn
Master Bra'tac

Jonas Quinn was the 'replacement' for Jackson after he died of radiation poisoning.


The Stargate can always be held open indefinitely.
True
False

Correct!

False. The Stargate can be held open for 38 minutes before it shuts itself down unless it is held open by an extremely powerful source (blackhole, etc).


How many symbols need to be 'dialed' to connect to a planet?
Your Answer:

Correct!

We would also have accepted: seven, 7

They must 'dial' 6 symbols, and then the origin symbol.


How do you say "Stargate" in Goa'uld?
Chappa'ai
Portal
Ring of the Gods
Circle of Standing Water

Correct!

In the Goa'uld language the Stargate is referred to as the Chappa'ai (Cha-Pa-Eye).


Who are Earth's main enemies for the first part of the show?
Ori
Tokra
Goa'uld
Replicators
Asgard

Correct!

The Goa'uld were the first universal enemies of Earth. The Replicators and the Ori are also enemies, but they come later.


What is the first planet Jack O'Neill goes to through the Stargate?
Abydos
Hoth
Venus
P3X-5156
P3X-6473

Correct!

In the movie, and then again in the season premier, they only go to Abydos.




What planet is Teal'c from?

Abydos
Chulak
Mars
Atlantis

Teal'c has referred many times throughout the show that his home world is Chulak. There he trained to be the perfect soldier and became First Prime of Apophis. 


This Asgard scientist was responsible for many of the alien abductions on Earth, including Col. O'Neill.
Penegal
Heimdall
Loki
Freyr

Loki, named after the Norse god of mischeif, conducted genetic research on humans in an attempt to discover a way to incorporate the human genetic structure into the Asgard clone bodies to overcome the degredation that has occurred over many generations of clones. Loki's activities were discovered when the O'Neill clone sent to Earth, while the real O'Neill was being tested, failed to fully mature. 

What is the name of the archaeologist that traps two members of SG1 in a 10 hour time loop?
Martouf
Malikai
Ma'chello
Malchus

Attempting to use an abandoned device created by the Ancients to return to a time where his wife was still alive, Malikai traps himself, Teal'c and O'Neill in a time loop. They discover that the Ancients were unable to make the device work and are finally able to convince Malikai to give up. 